Create documentation about flux and helm3 (#75)
kyma-project/helm-broker: docs/helm3/flux-vs-helm.md

<div tabs>
  <details>
  <summary>
  Helm 3
  </summary>
   
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Is more lightweight solution
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Provides new types of chart
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Does not need any in-cluster application
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Can be extended with the Helm Operator
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Does not need CR to work
   
   <br/>:heavy_minus_sign: Does not provide automated processes
   <br/>:heavy_minus_sign: Does not provide parallel executions
   
  </details>

  <details>
  <summary>
  Helm Operator
  </summary>
   
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Can automate many things and improve customer experience
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Provides scalable parallel processing
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Can download a chart from any repository
   <br/>:heavy_plus_sign: Can be extended with Flux
   
   <br/>:heavy_minus_sign: Maintenance
   <br/>:heavy_minus_sign: Increased resources consumption
   <br/>:heavy_minus_sign: New controller along with its CR
   <br/>:heavy_minus_sign: It requires more implementation in Helm Broker then Helm 3 approach
   <br/>:heavy_minus_sign: Another dependency of Helm Broker or 

  </details>
</div>

## Implementation

> Read below sections for more about implementation details in Helm Broker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the sections below for more information about implementation details in Helm Broker.
```

### Helm 3

> The Helm 3 provides a support for `v2` charts, so it shouldn't be a problem to implement it in the Helm Broker. Even without adjusting the AddOns itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm 3 provides support for `v2` charts, so it shouldn't be a problem to implement it in the Helm Broker, even without adjusting the addons themselves.
```

To download the Helm 3 binary, use the following command:

```
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/helm/helm/master/scripts/get-helm-3 | bash
```

### Helm Operator

> In order to use Helm Operator approach, we may need to provide the following dependencies to your cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the Helm Operator approach, we may need to provide the following dependencies to our cluster:
```

- [Helm Operator](https://github.com/fluxcd/helm-operator/tree/v1.1.0/chart/helm-operator)
- [HelmRelease CR](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fluxcd/helm-operator/1.1.0/deploy/crds.yaml)
- **Optional** [FluxCD](https://github.com/fluxcd/helm-operator/tree/master/chart/helm-operator) along with [memcached](https://github.com/memcached/memcached)

> >**NOTE:** When working with FluxCD use [FluxCTL](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/releases/tag/1.19.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** When working with FluxCD, use [FluxCTL](https://github.com/fluxcd/flux/releases/tag/1.19.0).
```

> With this solution the Helm Broker would need to create a HelmRelease CR in the provisioning process. It wouldn't need the Helm client anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this solution, the Helm Broker would need to create a HelmRelease CR in the provisioning process. It wouldn't need the Helm client anymore.
```

> In order to not download the same charts two times, first time by Helm Broker and second by Helm Operator, the Addons' downloading logic would need to be replaced by some other logic which could read only the `index.yaml` file and to create a proper response from its entries on the `/v2/catalog` endpoint. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order not to download the same charts two times, both by the Helm Broker and by the Helm Operator, the logic of downloading addons would need to be replaced by some other logic which could read only the `index.yaml` file and to create a proper response from its entries on the `/v2/catalog` endpoint. 
```

#### Flux

> The Helm Operator provides a lot of GitOps features, but most of them can be used only when FluxCD is configured and installed on the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm Operator provides a lot of GitOps features, but most of them can be used only when FluxCD is configured and installed on the cluster.
```

> Using Flux you can automate the process of delivering the applications' latest changes after their docker images were build. For example the Helm Broker could mark the HelmRelease created within instance provisioning with the label:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using Flux, you can automate the process of delivering the applications' latest changes after their docker images are built. For example, the Helm Broker could mark the HelmRelease created within instance provisioning with such a label:
```

```
fluxcd.io/automated: "true"
```

There are also other labels which you can use to configure the automation process.

### Migration

> The Helm 3 provides a migration [CLI](https://github.com/helm/helm-2to3) along with the [documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/v2_v3_migration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm 3 provides [CLI migration](https://github.com/helm/helm-2to3) along with the corresponding [documentation](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/v2_v3_migration/).
```

Reviewer: I think this subsection should fall under the `### Helm 3` section.

## Summary

> In my opinion implementing the Helm Operator's support in Helm Broker would need a lot of effort in order to adjust current implementation, but automated processes and other features looks interesting and I wouldn't rule them out to implement in the future.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In my opinion, implementing the Helm Operator's support in Helm Broker would require a lot of effort to adjust the current implementation, but automated processes and other features look interesting and I wouldn't rule them out to implement in the future.  
```

# Helm Operator (Flux) vs Helm

In this document you can read about findings about the [Helm 3](https://helm.sh/docs/) in comparision with the [Helm operator](https://docs.fluxcd.io/projects/helm-operator/en/latest/).

## Helm 3 features

The new version of Helm has numerous new features, but a few deserve highlighting here:

> - Releases are stored in a new format - in secrets created in the release's namespace, not in the config maps in the kube-system namespace. Example secret: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Releases are stored in a new format (in Secrets created in the release's Namespace, not in ConfigMaps in the `kube-system` Namespace). See the example of such a Secret: 
```
